"We organize beach tennis activities for everyone, all ages and skills levels are welcome! <br>So please join our group if you are a beach tennis player or if you are interested to come and try it out. A lot of people come alone, so dont be shy, you will make friends instantly. <br>Looking forward to welcome you to our club!Even when we dont have a Meetup activity scheduled, we frequently have open play which anyone is welcome to join. Our schedule is on our website: www.beachtennismiami.com/calendar",beach
"Beach Buddy Zumba Class !!! Bring a Friend! <br>2 dance for $6 👍New Location!!! Haulover Beach !!!!This Beach is A doggy beach so bring your furry friend too!!! No need to leave your dog at home alone. Come hang with us! 😀Come and enjoy a zumba class and enjoy the beach afterwards.10am - Section 2!!!!Cash Only <br>Exact change <br>Doggy beach hours are 8am to 3pmClass is at 10am !!!",beach
"Have you been longing to meet, dance, share and learn with other belly dancers? Maybe youre taking classes and want to practice your moves, perhaps youre interested in belly dance but have never tried, or maybe youre more advanced and would love to share what you know? Lets do it! Im Anna and Ive recently moved to Miami Beach. I really love dancing and am looking forward to meeting and sharing with my Miami Beach dance sisters! So this Sunday at 10am Im hosting an outdoor belly dance class and jam at South Pointe Park on Miami Beach. (the class will be free but donations are of course welcomed!)The class will be beginner and all level friendly, and will be Belly dance with a little Bollywood/Indian classical dance thrown in. Ill lead us in some basic moves and shimmies (with more complicated options for the more advanced dancer) and teach a short choreography incorporating the moves weve covered. After the class we can chat and everyone is welcomed to share what they know! Love and shimmies, Anna",beach
"Put your teamwork and collective creativity to the test while exploring historic sites, gathering “rare artifacts,” and discovering the best that the Art Deco District has to offer with our Historic South Beach Scavenger Hunt. This event covers a variety of well-known South Beach landmarks as well as some hidden secrets that are indicative of South Beach’s unique culture and history.After forming teams, you will work together (without benefit of modern technology) to find specific landmarks and objects within the designated search area. You will also be challenged with riddles, asked to perform physical feats, and so much more! Points will be awarded for each object found and extra credit will be given for creativity in some of the challenges. The group that returns to the designated finish area on time with the most points will win!We will meet at the Miami Beach Patrol Headquarters located in Lummus Park on 10th street. We suggest parking in the 7th or 13th street parking garages.The tour will start promptly at 2:15pm.**Must be a member of the Dragonfly Expeditionary Club to participate** See www.dragonflyexpeditionaryclub.com for more info.",beach
"Lets get together support eachother in this jouney called single parenting. Sometimes you just need someone who gets it. Not everyone does. We do. We can have cocktails, nibbles, chat or even do an activity when it cools down a bit. The most important part is knowing there are other people in the same situation as you and children are love and humor not a source of frustration. We just need others to remind us of that.",beach
"Tree of Life - Transformative Tuesdays: Jewish meditation, Journey through the Four Kabbalistic Worlds, Powerful Healing, Chanting of Psalms with live Music, Niggunim, Energy of the Hebrew month. Healing of the body and the mind, spiritual elevation. A session to feel good!At Temple Emanu-El in South beach, with Rabbi Marc Philippe #mysticalrabbi",beach
"We are the holistic health and fitness revolution! Come and enjoy a totally radical experience on the beach, no matter which event you attend!",beach
"Hi,Meet new people in north Miami Beach and have a lunch together. If you Are new in town or you just want to meet new People for fun or connect for business : It is the right event for you.",beach
"Are you ready to take time towards a lifetime journey? Im Annalisa Certified Health and Wellness Coach plus a Natural Holistic Remedies Certification This experience will introduce you to fresh fruit and vegetable juices, and will give you the tools to make it your own!Get exclusive access to delicious and healthy Juices in Miami Beach. Discover all the benefits of the organic ingredients, fruits, and veggies that will help you to maintain a good lifestyle. Step in and make your personalized drink to enjoy all the properties of these incredible drinks! My name is Annalisa, Italian background with a Wellness Health Certification, and a powerful passion for the Healthy Lifestyle that will introduce you to Make your life greater, connect with friendly people and healthy traditions for the best mind-body-soul living.",beach
"Lead THE WAY so that others may follow -The J.O.C.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC8nPsiqOk0So, you got a Jeep, but youve have never driven off-road? Then Jeep Only Club is the perfect group for you and your family! We focus on Jeep-education and Safety first; scenic trail rides, national parks, Off-road vehicle parks and we teach general knowledge of the great outdoors; 4x4 driving techniques and vehicle recovery lessons.Our main purpose is to unite friendly, loving people with many land-based adventures; to Jeep-educate our members in the proper techniques of off-road driving; to protect, preserve and teach about the natural habitats, its flora and fauna; to participate at our events at your convince; to help our community in search and rescue and other humanitarian missions in times of need; to share good fellowship while operating our vehicles in a safe manner as to prevent harm to people and the environment while extending common courtesy on the open road.Start using your Jeep for what its built for; the outdoors & off-roads Load up your Jeep with a camping tent, some fishing gear, put a kayak on your roof rack, your mountain bike on the back, or simply take off the soft-top and JOIN us at the beach, the trailheads or for camping in the backcountry! Either way, we never leave a fellow Jeeper behind! -TOGETHER we drive through the roads less traveled.The J.O.C is the J.oint O.perations C.enter for all brand new Jeep-related ACCESSORIES, as we have partnered up with eBay to help you find whatever you are looking for to rig up your Jeep. Dont have a Jeep but are Looking to purchase a Jeep? Check them out here on eBay. Ready to join us out there? -First sign-up by clicking on JOIN US, then make the required contribution. Not so sure of what to expect? Then watch our featured videos or see our past events photos. Then continue to read more about us.Watch over 50 videos of our Jeeps in off-road action!See why our members continually give this Jeep Only Club 5 Stars out FIVE and read what our members are saying about our events, which average around 4 events per month! -The most outings of any Jeep Club in Florida -Period!Jeep Only Club (The J.O.C) is also the largest, growing Jeep club in all of Florida; and on MeetUp.com we are at the LARGEST Jeep Only Club on the East Coast. We have received multiple accolades and won many prizes as a well-organized club.Jeep Only Club is rated by MeetUp.com in the top 10 Most Active groups in South Florida. The J.O.C stands out since our group offers such an eclectic assortment of well organized outdoor events and well planned family-friendly adventures with SAFETY and Jeep-education in mind.We keep LEADing the way! Jeep Only Club was the first Jeep club in the nation to originate and create the term Jeep Night (Jeep Nite) an event which by now is a well-known tradition that other Jeep clubs have followed! As a matter of fact, many of our J.O.C members also belong to other Jeep clubs in Florida and in other U.S. states! Weve also united the Jeep community in South Florida and have motorized all car clubs to participate in our annual Toy Drive & Food Convoy for needy children. Why? -Because at Jeep Only Club we 4x 4 great causesWatch and learn Basic Jeep Off-road Tips!This Jeep ONLY Club is open to ALL Jeep breeds. Whether your Jeep is factory stock or heavily modified you are welcomed to join us!Got mud and rocks? -Heck yeah! -Long before off-roading took so many drivers off the beaten path, Jeep had the leading role in the worlds off-road stage! -Come and join the Mad Jeeptologists of this group and get your mudding on!NEW: Download our FREE Jeep Club Meetup APP for your iPhone or Android smartphones. Yes, its FREE and it’s really cool to use. Click here and get it now. Once you become our member, this nifty APPLICATION will allow you to RSVP on the go and make it easier to keep you informed about any upcoming Jeep Only Club events without the need of a computer or access to email.• Jeep aficionados; it’s all here at the J.O.C- Jeep Only Club We meet year round to have some Jeepin fun! -We get together for all kinds of meet-ups such as; Jeep Nights; Jeep Jamborees; Jeep Safari; Caravans; Excursions; Concrete Cruises; Trail rides; Off-road events; Trade shows; Jeep shows and of course our annual road trips like; Jeep Beach in Daytona Beach, FL - or Jeeptoberfest a Jeep ONLY clubs festival held near Ocalas National Forest. Plus, annual events held in the beautiful Blue Ridge mountains of North Carolina and Tennessee. We also mix-in and participate in many outdoor activities such as BBQs; camping; kayaking; hiking; horseback riding; bike rides; snorkeling; fishing; free movie previews etc. We are active in several non-profits organizations, other off-road clubs and outdoors groups and will occasionally joint events. To see details of our upcoming events just scroll down this page. Sign up and RSVP. To see our Jeep Club attire click here!When you RSVP for our Jeep clinic youll learn “Jeeptology 101 and Know your Jeepstory - Advanced Off-road Techniques and Wilderness First Aid- All these courses are presented by qualified instructors. RSVP now.The J.O.C. provides a healthy environment for Jeep owners, seekers and enthusiasts to participate in many social events, outdoor recreation and charitable fundraisers. Jeep Only Club takes pride in being a family friendly and safety oriented group. Our goal is to educate the novice and learn from the experts. J.O.C fosters long lasting friendships and promotes group camaraderie, trail safety, off-road education and hands-on field rescue and recovery training.Since all our events involve driving, our members are encouraged to stay sober at ALL times. No drugs. No drinking and driving! NO alcoholics No foul language - If anyone poses a threat or danger or disrespects others in the group, the individual will not be permitted back into the Club and membership will be revoked immediately!We make sure that you enjoy a POSITIVE family atmosphere! There are so many things to do only in our JeepsJOIN us now... its easy! Our club members continually have rated this Jeep Only Club 5 STARS out of 5!!! Our club members take pride in membership and share in the cost running this Jeep Only group. This tends to make members truly value this group. It also helps weed out individuals who arent really interested in participating and attracts quality members and nice families. Read more about, why we require a contribution.The Jeep Only Club attire displayed below are EXTRA perks for our members.FREE Jeeps Only Club© badge or decal. (a $15 value)FREE Jeeps Only Club© custom T-shirt. (a $19 value) <br>*Receive these items for FREE after making the required Contribution in order to become our member. Ready to contribute now? Click here. JOIN us! Like us!<br>",beach
"This will be a ride to view the eclipse 2017. We will meet at The Tavern on Colins Miami Beach Sunday August 20th early morning. (Time to be determined). Then will ride to Daytona Beach, or Jacksonville and spend the night. Monday the group will ride to view the eclipse. This meet up is in the final planning stage and can be modified based on the riders joining. Daytona Beach will experience 80% of the eclipse and north of Jacksonville 90%. Monday following the eclipse we will ride to the Daytona Beach Hilton for the night and return to Miami Tuesday.",beach
"MIAMI TOTAL FITNESS is the best group of fitness enthusiasts in Miami recently joining the Meetup Family!! We are open to EVERYONE in all levels (beginners to more advanced) who appreciate the beauty of fitness indoors & outdoors! Stay fit, motivated and make new friends. All you need is YOU and the environment. It is a back to the basics workout (ZUMBA, STEPS, BOOTCAMP, GLUTES) designed to push you beyond your expectations!Our workout will make you sweat! feel refreshed, but most importantly.. IT WILL BE FUN!Together we can motivate each other, and of course meeting new people and making friends is included on this package! Our GOAL: Helping people have a healthier lifestyle. Working out , fitness, nutrition , & getting the community together.Join us!!!!! & make you sure to Follow us for special events in Facebook!!! What you need for the Classes: • Bottle of Water • BEST ATTITUDE • ENERGY Health and Wealth, Aylin & Jorge (305) 298-2808 / (786) 296-8033",beach
"The Holistic Community in partnership with wonderful venues like Wellness Room Miami, Anew Reiki, Reiki Connection Miami, Healing Arts of the South The Standard Spa, Miami Beach and others.  We offer those seeking Holistic Healing the opportunity to meet, converse and share the wondrous blessings of Reiki, Energetic Healing Meditation and MORE. We offer a variety of opportunities to learn, experience, develop and transform along with teachers and healers from many modalities.Open to everyone, our Reiki Circles bring together Reiki and Energy Healing Practitioners of all levels as well as those desiring to experience the healing powers of Reiki and Energy Healing for the first time.Reiki [ray-key] is a technique for natural healing. This Japanese term means Universal Life Force Energy. It is a holistic, hands-on healing system that touches all levels: body, mind, and spirit.Reiki is gentle and non-invasive. It enhances the bodys natural ability to heal itself and is a powerful way to relieve stress and promote wellness.Our Circles are a gathering of Reiki Practitioners and those from other modalities who wish to come together to continue learning and share their healing experiences. Participating in a Circle is a wonderful way to share Energy Healing with others, honor ourselves as healers as well as to introduce various healing systems to those who have never experienced them before.Evenings will include some combination of: group discussion, meditation, energy work and Reiki Healing (participants receive Reiki while seated in a chair or lying down.)Beyond our Circles, you will discover a world of Mystery Schools and teaching!   Come, connect and share with others your spiritual insights, and transformational experiences.",beach
"Alice McLaughlin presents a series of trunk shows combining Art & Design within her PopUp Fine Art Galleries around the world... Art is everywhere and it is expressed in many forms, as I always said Fashion IS Art according to Alice McLaughlin Founder of the award winning TV Series Frames & Fortune or Arte & Fortuna.Alice travels the world to discover talent globally and specializes in mid career artists and blue chip fine art artist and designers both in the fashion and industrial design arenas.Both Artist and Designers will be making talks and available for photo opportunities while in the PopUp.",beach
"This group is for you if you are about 21-45 years old and you find hard to make new friends for some reason. Living in South Florida can be great, but it can also be tough breaking in to new groups and meeting new people.  We have activities in Miami, Fort Lauderdale and Palm Beach.If youre looking to get in a game, weve got them.  Join us for mens & coed flag football, softball, soccer, dodgeball, basketball, volleyball & kickball. ",beach
"Classic Battletech using Wizkids figs on a 8 x 3 table. House rules (changes from compendium) provided in print.",beach
"Come Join us for COMPLIMENTARY Sweat Therapy with Roya Siroospour and Tarra Martinez at The Hotel of South BeachThis is a signature RoyaFit 60 minute full body workout using body resistance, bands, partner exercises & plyometrics.Cool off with a post workout dip in the pool and revitilize with a healthy brunch.There are only 50 spaces available, and you need to RSVP in advance to reserve your spot. Please bring sunglasses, sunscreen, towel and lots of good vibes. RSVP to: info@royafit.comIf you have any questions let us know",beach
"Este será un grupo para practicar inglés y español",beach
"Tonight, a wonderful session of sound bath, Jewish Meditation, Niggun (meditative chanting) and healing. With live music!",beach
"This group is for anyone interested in cryptocurrencies, Blockchain, ICOs, and related technologies.",beach
"This is a non-competitive, co-supportive group designed to promote and affirm photographers interested in wildlife photography. All are welcome, from entry-level to professional.Economic travel options will be offered to local, national, and international hotspots, led by folks who have already experienced those areas and know the ropes.Offered will be at least one trip per year to Southern Africa; also offered will be Coastal Texas for Whooping Cranes; Bosque Del Apache; Monterey CA; San Diego, CA; Huntington Beach, CA; Belize; Grand Manan Island for Puffins and Whales; Cape May, NJ; Great Inagua; The Olympic Peninsula; The San Juan Islands; Yellowstone; Grand Teton/National Elk Refuge/Dubois; Everglades National Park (off the trail); and all of the Florida Bird Rookeries and Roosts. We will not take you anywhere that we have not checked out first!Monthly check-out shoots will be offered at ZooMiami or the fabulous Florida Keys Wild Bird Center. Instruction and discussion will be offered but not required at all outings.Please DO NOT join this group if you cant be a team player in this individual art-form, if you cant be patient enough to wait for long periods of time to experience and capture certain animal behaviors, and if you cant get up at four in the morning when necessary.Interest in the African Photosafari is suggested, as it truly is the ultimate wildlife experience. 2015 will be our tenth year as group leaders in Southern Africa. The trips are less expensive than most Alaskan vacations, and offer unexpectedly nice accomodations and comfort.",beach
"We get together to practice English- listening, speaking, grammar, vocabulary everything! Our teachers are mostly Americans learning to teach English, and we usually have three different teachers every day. We have courses that are four weeks at a time and love to welcome new members! We have a high and a low level available.To register do the online test here: http://enrolment.oxfordhousecollege.co.uk/thgrammartest/Follow our Facebook page here: https://www.facebook.com/freeenglishclassesusa/ ",beach
"What were aboutPublic GroupThe idea is simple – just getting together a few people to see plays and independent / interesting films, in Miami. You don’t need to be local – we have people from near and far. For each outing there will be plans to have something to eat or drink beforehand or afterward – do join in. Key places are:• theatres – Regal Theaters on Lincon Road, New World Symphony Hall on 17th Street, Fillmore • cinemas – the Tower, O Cinema in WynwoodNumbers really count in this group as events are small enough to be friendly and to integrate new people. This works by having members commit to turning up when they RSVP, and not coming unless they’re RSVPed. It means when you come you’ll get a seat for dinner/drinks (because no one will have gate-crashed and taken it) – and you’ll meet lots of interesting people (because they will turn up!)When you join this group an RSVP is a promise to turn up (and stay for the social part of the event), and joining is a promise to come only if you’re RSVPed.There’s no requirement to attend any particular number of events with the group, or to pay anything to join.If you’re thinking of sending me a message promoting an event, then unless it’s a local play/film and either heavily discounted or includes a director/writer/cast Q&A, don’t – thanks. This is a zero-spam group – I keep faith with members by circulating nothing except legitimate event details.",beach
"Contemporary Art Enthusiasts, Collectors, Visual Art Admirers, Interior Designers, Gallerists, Museum members.A new model of how and where to show art work dedicated to all categories and price points of visual art. A new layer to the Dealer/Artist market relationship dedicated to the creative process. Although different from the traditional gallery; we retain the integrity and dependability that artists and collectors expect. ",beach
"People who want to improve health, wellness and lose weight. We are going to discuss the ways to live healthy and make conscious decisions about food and life style. You are welcome to share you knowledge and experience as well. Health is a great investment in yourself.",beach
"FIT FOR JOY FITNESS AND SPIRITUALITYTo be healthy is to be loving!ABOUTWhat is your main reason to exercise?What gives true meaning to your life?How can we integrate conventional fitness with spirituality? The Fit for Joy vision challenges us to embody the true meaning of health in all areas of our lives. Its about body-mind-spirit awareness and practice. Its about kindness. Its about having a meaningful purpose.The gatherings are designed to nurture your body through exercise and diet education, cultivate mindfulness through meditation, to motivate and inspire you to listen to your own heart.We come together to practice the art of living a happier, kinder and healthier life.Fit for Joy is about being true to our hearts to create inner and outer peace. What will happen when we meet... Part IFITNESS OF THE HEART TALKA brief opening talk about the integration of conventional fitness and spirituality. These ideas and concepts are published here on the Fit for Joy website, blog, social media, magazines and book. Duration: 5 minutes Part IILISTENING TO YOUR HEARTGuided MeditationDuration: 5 minutes Part IIIWARM UP AND TRAINING A brief dynamic warm up followed by a full-body conditioning circuitParticipants respect to their own rhythm and capabilities through a series of exercises while moving with good form. Duration: 20 minutes (repeat exercises till time is up)Circuit Sample:20 Jumping jacks or jump rope for 1 minute5 Plank holds - (as long as you can)5 Low Boat Pose - (hold each pose as long as you can)20 Mountain climbers20 Around the world lunges (front / back and side lunges)15 Push ups20 Air squats20 Glute Bridges10 Triceps dips40 Skaters 10 Walkouts Part IVA HEALTHY CONVERSATION OVER A HEALTHY SNACKDiscussion about fitness, spirituality and dietVegetarian and vegan snacks servedDuration: 20-30 minutes ** This event is suited for people at any age and at all levels of fitness. I will be a joy to meet you! :)Valeria www.fitforjoy.orgPh: (347) 461-4304Miami Beachwww.fitforjoy.orgBIOValeria Teles was born in Brazil and grew up in a small town before moving to the United States. She is a certified personal trainer and winning fitness competitor with more than twenty years into fitness, both as a professional and an enthusiast. Valeria is also an author, a Buddhist and vegetarian. Her background includes performance in dance and music. She was a rumba Flamenco dancer for Gloria Estefan’s venue in Miami. She has also written a number of songs with Brazilian and American musicians. Valeria’s first book is titled Fit for Joy: Fitness of the Heart. It’s now being considered for traditional publishing. WWW.FITFORJOY.ORG",beach
"Tennis Player,   Were connecting players on the tennis courts throughout Miami from North Miami to Mid-Miami - Miami Beach, Dade County and South Miami.   We allow players to post meetups. So feel that it is acceptable to promote an event that you will take ownership of and well let the meetup group know about it.  Well be running certain tennis socials, weekend tournaments and get togethers for the passionate tennis players who want to play competitive tennis. If you want to meet up with other tennis players in Miami then you should definitely check us out. 2017 Tennis Line-Up: Non-League Play: Tennis Partner Program & Tennis Ladder – Always Open 2017 Singles Leagues: Spring Season - Just started to March 26thSummer Season #1 - April 5th to May 28thSummer Season #2 - June 21st to Aug. 20thFall Season - Sept. 5th to Oct. 20th2017 Doubles Leagues: Spring Doubles – Just started to March 16thSummer Doubles - May 30th to July 31stFall Doubles - Aug. 17th to Oct. 15th2017 Tourney’s: Feb. Tourney - Starts Feb. 28thApril Tourney - Starts April 26thJune Tourney - Starts June 29th Aug. Tourney - Starts Aug. 30th We hope to see you join one of our upcoming programs. To join any of these programs you can just go to our join page: http://www.tennis-miami.com/join   -Steve C.  Tennis-Miami.com",beach
